c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.Web.dll.config
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.Web.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.Web.pdb
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.DTO.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.Process.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.Utility.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.ViewModel.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.DTO.pdb
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.Process.pdb
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.Utility.pdb
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.ViewModel.pdb
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\obj\Debug\CommentLog.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\obj\Debug\CommentLog.Web.dll
c:\users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\obj\Debug\CommentLog.Web.pdb
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.DAL.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.DomainModel.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\CommentLog.DomainModel.pdb
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\vineet.mangla\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommentLog.Web\CommentLog.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
